 10 Jun 2016
  Lori, Gio, Suresh
  - Gio's got a Google Form cronjob that is modifying the form each hour
  - unsure yet how to handle the SOC issues at MASON and KELLOGG
  - Hope is to upload to NAL sometime in Feb or Mar
  - Talked about download form, it is okay for the filter to work in one
    direction and not worry about going backwards
  - Add rows to exported sheet from the protocol smartsheet columns
    - TD project has site specific ones in this case
  - [ ] deal with the embedded notes in the sheets now that Google Sheets v4
    is out and available
  - [x] Add Gio on github to datateam repo
  - setup Gio for direct database access for his R code
  - [ ] Rectifiy any CSCAP management changes since the copy to TD sheet
  - Backend metadata sheet can not sort the updated date column, sigh
  - International Drainage Symposium is in September
  - Next meeting is 29 June

 28 Apr 2016
  Lori, Gio, Suresh, Katie
  - Lori reported on her Globus meeting, most of the folks there were HPC
  - We are encouraged to register for the digitial Ag meeting 16-17 May
  - [x] I showed the new data editing, Lori wanted the text changed
  - [x] modify highcharts pages to use fullpage bootstrap template
  - Our next meeting is 18 May
 
 19 Apr 2016
  Lori, Gio, Suresh
  - Purpose is to discuss Gio's data download thoughts
  - [ ] When I email the team a listing of text, the result is not pretty on 
    their end
  - [ ] need to again review the IPM plotids for Suresh and resend email
  - Lori discussed Syngenta meeting, interested in 4mon/yr coordinator
  - [x] ISUAG.USB is not in download form
  - Gio's interface wants drill down with things getting enabled / grayed out
  - [ ] Allow for deselect of sites when a full state is selected/unselected
  - All variables on by default for Agro/Soils
  - Divide output into multiple tabs
  - Is the year filter at the end problematic?  Likely not.

  6 Apr 2016
  Lori, Gio, Suresh, Katie
  - Discussion on what will happen with the writing worshop and perhaps there
    would be time for us to work on it some
  - Volume 5 of the primary reports for the project is coming from us
  - Katie has been working on some survey data from Dr Morton that will 
    eventually come to the db
  - Discussion of the failure to take the team photo at the TD Project Meeting
  - Getting the soil data sheets generated for TD is a priority, but we do
    not know enough yet to generate them (like depths)
  - Gio wants auto-sync setup for the drainage sheets
  - Discussion about the STJOHNS elevation difference issue
  - TD has three tiers for data: Required, Recommended, and Optional
  - We have a pressing need to get the weather data processed
  - [ ] Would like to see precipitation on the plots by 15 Apr
  - source of weather data included on the plot and download
  - Inclusion of the management data for weirs height
  - Need to cross check IPM plotids for Suresh

 16 Mar 2016
  Lori, Gio, Suresh
  - There is a chance of Canadian collaborators coming to the TD project
  - Need to have TD plotting tools running by the time of their meeting
  - Need to differentiate years within projects as some data is shared
    and others not
  - [ ] remove individual plots on the watertable plotting
  - Verify what happens when you click the ALL station in site progress
  - [ ] Fix the titles on the Decagon highcharts plots
  - Attempt to get revisions on spreadsheets again via Google
  - Perhaps we should archive some edits needed in SS Site Edits/Review

  2 Mar 2016
  Lori, Gio, Suresh, Katie
  - [x] fix issue with empty smartsheet rows causing totals to be off
  - Probably having lunch together on the 7th
  - [ ] Need to create a highcharts plot of soil organic carbon vs ph
  - soil organic carbon should decrease with increasing depth
  - Gio wants the data export separated for soil and agronomic